back to you and mom I don't want you to
get hurt since the last games something
is different it's yeah what can you see
oh you saved us but I can't go on acting
for the cameras and then was ignoring
each other in real life
she's not who they think she is she has
to be eliminated I agree but in the
right way at the right time we have to
go before they kill us they will kill us
people want to fight I'm staying here
they fart very hard in the games was
ever do believe
would you like to be in a real law
imagine thousands of your people dead
and your loved ones gone what do I need
to do this is the 75th year of the
Hunger Games the tributes are to be
reaped on the existing pool of Victor's
I get to say goodbye so what do I do
I don't think these games are gonna be
different
[Applause]
Oh
there to work
there's he is Kansas Everdeen the girl
on fire
guys to forget everything you think you
know about the games last year was
child's play
this year dealing with all experienced
killers any last advice stay alive
[Music]
remember who the real enemy is